CHAPTER ONE Iwaited in the shelter dropin center for my next appointment. The murmur of childrens voices wafted in from the play area. Low murmurs hesitant fractured. Guilty giggles cut short as if the children werent sure they had anything to giggle about. The faint smell of bleach from the toys washed nightly was almost overpowered by the sickly sweet smell of lilies. Vases on every table. A hundred dollars worth of flowers. Money better spent on shampoo and baby wipes. But the donor meant well. They always did. People say that volunteer work is rewarding in ways no paid job can match. I wouldnt know about the paid part. Barely a year out of college Ive never held a paying position. I know what I get out of volunteering though and it isnt the usual sanctimonious thrill of helping the less fortunate. Its the mirror they provide reflecting me in ways that arent always comfortable. My 2:15 appointment was Cathy who apologized for being late even as I assured her she wasnt. Shed slid into the room with her head down prodding her twoyearold ahead of her. Hey Joey I said. Are those new boots? SpiderMan huh? Very cool. A furtive glance my way. A quick nod. I like kids. Cant say they feel the same about me. I think they can sense I was an only child only grandchild too growing up in a world of adults. Cathy headed for a rickety wooden chair but I patted the spot beside me on the sofa. She perched on the edge of the worn red vinyl. Not the prettiest piece of furniture but it was bright and cheery and washable. Did the clients look at all the vinyl and wood and plastic and imagine us after hours bleaching down everything in sight cleaning off the contagion of their desperate lives? Did you leave Amy in the playroom? I asked. Cathy stiffened. Yes. The lady said it was okay I was just asking. Theyre doing crafts at two thirty and I know she loves crafts. She relaxed and nodded. She had two children under the age of four. Another on the way. And she was three months younger than me. Not that she looked it. If I saw her on the street Id have added ten years. She certainly had that extra decade of life experience. Kicked out of the house at sixteen. Married by eighteen and divorced by twentyone. A dozen jobs on her rsum often more than one at a time. Nothing could be further removed from my own experience. I live with my mother in a house bigger than the entire shelter. I have a masters degree from Yale. I work as a volunteer and I dont even need to do that. Do I appreciate it? No. On good days it chafes like a dress with a scratchy tag. On bad ones I feel like a bobcat caught in a trap ready to gnaw my foot off to escape. Then I look at someone like Cathy and a wave of guilt and shame stifles the restlessness. Thank you for seeing me Miss Jones she said. Olivia please. And Im here whenever you need me. You know that. Cathy nodded and wound a lock of hair around her finger. Hair dyed blond almost a year ago dark roots now to her ears; shed refused to color it again because the dye job had been his idea. The guy whod left her with those blond ends a missing tooth and another baby in her belly. So Melanie has been helping you look for a job I said. Hows that going? Fine. Her gaze stayed fixed on my chin. It always did unless she got worked up enough like when shed declared unbidden that she wasnt fixing her hair. Brief shows of defiance. Achingly brief. Frustratingly brief. There was more in that lowered gaze than deference though. I could sense it. Feel it thrumming through the air between us. Did? I began. Joey raced past wearing a tattered backpack in the shape of an owl. It reminded me of the one that hooted outside my window that morning. A bad omen. If you believed in omens. Joey Cathy said. Stop running and sit down. Then to me Sorry Miss Jones. No hes fine. I was just admiring his backpack. I tore my gaze away. Did the bakery ever give you that reference? She shook her head. I cursed under my breath. Cathys last job had been at a bakery. Owned by the cousin of the man whod left her pregnant. Her old boss now couldnt seem to recall how good an employee shed been and thus sadly could not give a reference. I had the name of the bakery in my wallet. More than once Id been tempted to help the woman remember Cathy. I had a few ideas for how to accomplish that. Its a satisfying image to contemplate and it would be so much more feasible if I wasnt Olivia TaylorJones daughter of Lena Taylor renowned Chicago philanthropist and Arthur Jones owner of the iconic Mills 3 department store. But I am and as such I have other avenues of attack equally effective if somewhat lacking in drama. Lets leave that for now. Im sure shell change her mind. Very sure. Well grab a coffee and have a look through job postings. After Cathy left I flipped through the stack of job printouts. I told myself I was making sure I hadnt missed a suitable one for Cathy but I was really looking for myself. Pointless of course. In so many ways. My mother had always expected me to follow her example. Marry well and devote myself to volunteerism and philanthropy. Leave paid work for those who need it. Dad had been more amenable to the idea that a young woman in my position could have a career beyond organizing fundraisers. My mother came from moneyshe was the daughter of minor nobility raised in English society. Dad had been brought up in the business world where you were expected to work until you couldnt. Or until you had a fatal heart attack at the age of sixtyone leaving behind a daughter who ten months later couldnt look at your picture without missing you so desperately it hurt. I always thought Id work for Dad someday. Take over the family business eventually. It didnt matter if the store bored me to tears. Id be working with him and that would make him so happy. Except now he was gone and I couldnt bear to step through the stores front doors. For now I intended to go back to school in the fall and get my doctorate in Victorian lit. No idea what Id use that for in the real world but it would give me time to figure out what I wanted. I hadnt told my mother my plans. No use stressing her out when her dream was about to come trueher only child married and married well. As for my fianc James . . . I hadnt told him either. First I was checking out my options for local schools. Once that was setand before the weddingId tell him. Hed be fine with it. He didnt expect me to sit home and keep house for him. Not unless I wanted to. I most certainly did not want to. When I finished tidying up I stepped outside the front doors and the city hit me. The screech of tires and growl of engines. The stink of exhaust and the tang of roast pork. The flash of colorsbright shirts neon signs blinding blue sky. Our family doctor used to blame my hypersensitivity on my upbringing raised in a quiet house in the suburbs. But years of city exposure didnt seem to help. Id walk onto a busy street and every sight sound and smell assaulted me my brain whirring as if trying to make sense of it all. Id learned to adjustit was part of my life. Usually it passed in a moment as it did now. I took a deep breath and headed to the gym. The photographer stepped back into the shadowy doorway as the young woman approached. Once she was abreast of him he lifted his camera and held down the shutter button silently snapping photos. Amazing how much she looked like her mother. CHAPTER TWO Youre lucky I love you I whispered as I leaned over. Or I would be so out of here. He smiled a blazing grin that had every woman at the table swooning. CEO of Chicagos fastest growing tech firm and son of a former senator James Morgan isnt gorgeous but that grin had landed him a spot on the citys most eligible bachelors list for three 
