Joseph Nwaosu a Nigerian exporter has yet to acclimate to the winter damp of Guangzhou on Chinas southern coast. Over a buttondown shirt he usually adds a heavy brown turtleneck sweater and a rumpled tan parka; when necessary he wears a wool hat. The layers help with his commute. From his apartment which has a mattress on the floor and rents for forty dollars a month it takes an hour by bus and a half hour on foot to reach his office across the street from the Canaan Export Clothes Trading Center a halflit market painted a dusty shade of peach. Almost all its customers are merchants from Nigeria Mali Ghana and other African countries. They are arriving in such large numbers that in November Kenya Airways inaugurated mainland Chinas first nonstop route from Africa between Nairobi and Guangzhou. Since the Canaan market opened six years ago similar markets filled with African buyers and Chinese sellers have arisen along the same block. Taxidrivers call the neighborhood Chocolate City. The Canaan market opens onto Guangyuan West Roadeight roaring lanes of cars and trucks and scooters on the ground and four more lanes in the air on concrete spans that block the rain and the sun. Every square foot has been claimed by commerce. Walking to and from work Nwaosu I have changed his name traverses a sidewalk offering a sharpening stone for cleavers a handheld sewing machine a mobilephone card for Africa an hour of sex a bundle of socks an electronic songbird that sings an eight ball of cocaine a mold that makes the perfect dumpling. Lining the sidewalks are passportphoto booths mobilephone venders and shops crammed with jeans and Tshirts alligatorskin captoe shoes and madetomeasure suits soccer jerseys and bulletproof vests four hundred and ten dollars for blue nylon; five hundred and fiftysix dollars for camouflage. But the real business goes on inside where merchants cut deals for bogus and factoryreject Prada and Lacoste and Polo. The Canaan economy is all cash and unhindered by borders: one hundred per cent human hair extensions are clipped from heads in India braided by hand in China and packed for sale in West Africa. The man selling them was until recently trading motorbike parts in Singapore and if the hair business slows down he will move on again. All of Canaan seems determined to get somewhere else. Nwaosu at twentynine is spindle thin with a wary flicker in his eyes. He works out of a tiny windowless office above a strip of clothing stalls a few hundred feet from the original market. When I arrived in Guangzhou this was the first place I came he said one recent afternoon. Outside the open office door a stereo was thumping and someone was straining to seal an overstuffed container of clothes. Inside ducts and wires slumped from an open ceiling. On one walla metal garage doorsomeone had scrawled a phone number for takeout. The other walls had been covered in leopardprint contact paper. The sole decoration was a large calendar featuring a smiling young Nigerian priest. It had a Scripture citation for every date and an exhortation across the top: READ THE BIBLE IN ONE YEAR Nwaosus glasses metalframed and often askew give him a professorial aspect that is rare in the world of the traders. He did not set out to be a businessman in Guangzhou. He had always planned to be a priest. His parents were teachers with eight children. He studied philosophy at Imo State University in the Igbo country of southeastern Nigeria. When he was twenty he joined the seminary. But he developed kidney problems that left him tired and in pain. Because the work of a priest is physically demanding the seminary asked him to withdraw. I was devastated he told me. He had little confidence in Nigerian hospitals and doctors told him that treatment would cost at least ten thousand dollars. But my family couldnt pay that he said. I felt like I was going to die the next day. For a whole year I had no moneyI had no bills no copper. I wrote to the Ford Foundation. But they said they only help groups not individuals. So I decided I will help myself. A friend lent Nwaosu cash to buy a mobilephone card and he and his sister began charging people to make calls. They moved up to selling the cards and by the spring of 2006 he had saved enough to consider going abroad. At first I wanted to go to Germany he said. But the Embassy wouldnt give me an appointment. I tried Holland but that didnt work. Getting a Chinese visa was far simpler. He paid more than eight hundred and fifty dollars to an agent in Lagos and a month later he boarded an airplane for the first time in his life bound for Beijing. When he landed he hailed a taxi but he did not know to ask for the meter to be turned on. It should have been thirty yuan. He charged me four hundred and fifty he said. Medical care in China was inexpensive and Nwaosu was successfully treated for his ailment but when he was unable to make a living in Beijing he headed south to Guangzhou the trading port formerly known as Canton. He had nothing but the scribbled number of a strangera softspoken Nigerian trader who had arrived four months earlier. He taught me the nature of the place Nwaosu said. The most important thing he taught me was to believe in myselfand to believe in God too. For his first deal at Canaan Nwaosu ordered two thousand dollars worth of computer components to be delivered to his sister who would sell them in Lagos. When the shipment was delivered he learned why a trader should not pay for goods without examining them first. They were the wrong parts; he couldnt give them away. I felt the whole world was collapsing he said. All my savings had vanished. How was I going to pay for food? I was stranded again. Some days I didnt eat anything. He tried his luck in the DVD business a popular niche around Canaan where stalls have piratedmovie catalogues as thick as phone books. Traders can buy movies for thirtyfour cents each. With a thousanddollar investment we could get a return of threefold he said. It wasnt much but it was enough to get started. In the ecosystem of the market Nwaosu is a hustlera word with largely positive connotations in Canaan patois a patchwork of English French Chinese Igbo and other African languages. He spends part of his time canvassing stalls for bargains and haggling with factories. His office is not strictly his; he borrows space in a small freightforwarding company taking turns with other traders at a single desk sharing a computer a calculator and a Kleenex dispenser. In return for the use of the office he pays the company to ship his freight under a system of patronage with roots in Nigeria. On the day of my visit Nwaosu fingered the keys of the calculator like worry beads. Around him lay great mounds of plastic bags smothered in tape and scrawled with phone numbers. All day men drifted in and out adding more bundles to the pile. The freightforwarding company ships big or small retail or wholesale a single cell phone or a carpetsize roll of leather to be sliced into shoes and handbags. When I asked Nwaosu what he is allowed to ship from China to Africa he said Anythingas long as its not contraband. Every Sunday afternoon Nwaosu slips out of the market and takes the bus across town to the Sacred Heart Stone House Cathedral a Gothicstyle structure for Mass. It has stainedglass Caucasian saints peering down on a Chinese priest and a polyglot flock. The threethirty service is the only English Mass of the week and in the past few years the crowd has become almost entirely African. Hundreds of people squeeze into the pews hip to hip; others line the walls crouching on plastic stools. Still more cram the back and the last arrivals huddle outside the door hearing snatches of the Gospel and glimpsing a distant altar where a wooden crucifix is topped with a neon bulb as a halo. After Mass hundreds of Nigerians repair to a rickety side building for a charismatic prayer service that thunders with drums and guitars. They throw their arms in the air singing and swaying and speaking in tongues until long after dark. Nwaosu rarely ventures far from Canaan or the church. I dont have much social life he said. His peers are almost uniformly young male and ambitiousbachelor sojourners as immigration historians call them. At least nineteen countries are represented among the traders at Canaan though Nigerians make up nearly half the total according to surveys. African Muslims are as visible at the Huaisheng Mosque as Christians are at the Stone House Cathedral. The arrivals have established a web of committees on behalf of their home nations and states to solve disputes and collect money for funerals and weddings. Wherever there are ten or twenty Nigerians they will organize into a committee a Nigerian businessman told me. There are now so many committees that they spend part of their time squabbling over which organization is the most powerful. Some issue identification cards to keep track of their people. A summer soccer league helps blow off steam and awards a silver cup to the winning countrys team. Some of the migrants have been in China long enough to cultivate the connections to obtain residency permits and they have brought their families; some of their children have enrolled in Chinese colleges. For decades the Chinese courted Africans with Cold War alliances in the name of liberation but it was capitalism that ultimately aligned their interests. Between 2002 and 2007 Chinese and African trademainly oil timber copper and diamondsincreased by about seven hundred per cent to seventythree billion dollars ranking China as Africas secondlargest trading partner behind the United States. The African population in Guangzhou the largest city in southern China began to climb in 1998 when an Asian financial crisis drove African merchants from Bangkok and Kuala Lumpur in search of the next frontier. Between 2000 and 2005 the number of Africans arriving on tourist visas quintupled to nearly thirtytwo thousand. Today the city is believed to have some twenty thousand African residents more than the African populations of Beijing and Shanghai combined. They constitute the largest foreign enclave in Guangzhou. Economic growth brought mounting pressure to accommodate migrants and in 2004 Chinese authorities unveiled a Chinese green card which entitled holders to stay for ten years without renewal. But on the day it was announced a spokesman for the ministry in charge made clear that this was no invitation to huddled masses: China is not a migrationtargeted country and the new regulations are aimed at attracting highlevel foreign personnel. Today China has all but stopped giving Nigerians visas for longer than three months. Most of them cant get residency so they stay illegally. The path to legalization remains obscure: Chinese employers and universities and overseas companies can sponsor foreigners for renewable residency permits. Independent merchants such as Nwaosu struggle to find sponsors. Like many in the African community he has long overstayed his visa and become in Chinese police terms a TripleIllegal Personillegal to enter illegal to reside and illegal to work. Last year local newspapers reported the number of TripleIllegal Persons reached ten thousand. Around the market police and immigration raids have become a constant subject of discussion. In an Igbolanguage pop song about life in China a Nigerian singer named Oluaka described the mood: They are chasing Africans like sheep without a shepherd. Nwaosu prefers to compare police pressure to the weather: Sometimes its very hot. Sometimes its mild. Or its cold. And yet he has no plans to leave. When you go to the United States or Europe there isnt much opportunity. You are going to get a menial job with barely enough to send home he said. But here we dont have jobs. We set ourselves up. Even so for all the opportunities that China affords Nwaosu and his friends nurse a wounded pride that so many men from the great nation of Nigeria should need to settle in China to make a living. I am proud of my country he said. I am proud of my lineage. I want to see my country functioning. Racism has a long history in China and in Canaan the Chinese venders often complain that the Africans demand discounts that are too large to leave much profit. Many of our friends wont do business with the Africans a hatmaker who operates out of a stall in Canaan told me. They say its not worth it. Apartment buildings have begun to discourage the ethnic invasion as one property agent called it by raising rents and adopting restrictive covenants. The mistrust is mutual: when a survey asked African traders if they wanted to share communities with the Chinese more than twothirds said no. Racial typologies in China are rooted in traditional Chinese thought. In the fourth century B.C. the Zuozhuan a founding historical text warned If he is not of our race he is sure to have a different mind. Fair skin indicated intelligence and beauty: the princess in the Shijing Chinas earliest collection of poems had fingers like the blades of the young white grass and skin like congealed ointment. Peasants who toiled in the sun were the blackheaded people. As Frank Dikotter writes in The Discourse of Race in Modern China dark skin came to signify inferiority. Chinese writers likened Africa to hundun a folkloric primeval chaos. At the turn of the twentieth century some of Chinas most reformminded thinkers embraced scientific racism with the same enthusiasm with which Francis Galton and other Victorian scientists were promoting the new field of eugenics. Kang Youwei one of Chinas leading philosophers described a rigid hierarchy of races with white and yellow at the top and suggested that the monstrously ugly black be whitened by changes in diet intermarriage and sterilization. Chairman Mao challenged feudalera racial stereotypes and applauded the American civilrights movement as a struggle for liberation. But the change was shortlived; his reformist successors celebrated economic success not egalitarianism. On Chinese campuses African exchange students once treated as comrades in revolution became symbols of their ailing home countries and they encountered animosity. Throughout the nineteeneighties Chinese and African students clashed on campuses across the country often triggered by sensitivities over Chinese women dating African men. The tension culminated on Christmas Eve 1988 at Nanjings Hehai University when guards required two black students to register their Chinese dates. It escalated into a riot that left eleven Chinese and two Africans wounded. The next day Chinese students attacked the Africans dorm shouting Kill the black devils While the Africans fled thousands of Chinese demonstrated in Nanjings streets for five nights chanting racial epithets and demanding retribution. Discrimination was commonplace. When Barry Sautman a political scientist at the Hong Kong University of Science and Technology surveyed Chinese students intellectuals and civil servants in 1992 he asked them to rank various foreign groups by intelligence industriousness and other virtues. Africans came out at the bottom of the rankings. Foreign reporters at the time quoted African diplomats and businessmen describing daily acts of discrimination. Today Chinese campuses arent marked by racial tension and in recent surveys Sautman has found substantial declines in incidents of discrimination. Many black expatriates credit the improved atmosphere to an influx of images of diversity. The N.B.A. has been a defacto P.R. campaign for black peopleespecially black Americansin China Ron Sims II a thirtyyearold Web designer who is black and spent two and a half years teaching English in China told me. When I tried to explain where I was from in the U.S. no one ever knew Cleveland but they knew LeBron James. Still there isnt much evidence of racial sophistication. In 2006 Sims conducted an informal sidewalk experiment in Fuzhou a large southern city in which he asked people to identify photographs of famous black Americans by race. Oprah was identified as Indian; Lena Horne didnt have the lips of black people; Beyonce was white as was Benjamin Davis the commander of the Tuskegee Airmen. The results called The Race Game are on YouTube. That unfamiliarity exists in Chinas most cosmopolitan cities where migrant laborers have come in search of work. John Pollock a twentythreeyearold from Atlanta who is studying at Beijing Language and Culture University said that new arrivals to the city have asked him Do you take showers? Does the color of your skin rub off? You know Can I touch your hair? As Mass let out at the Stone House Cathedral one Sunday in November the Nigerians stayed for a while to say a prayer for a countryman a businessman who had recently collapsed and died. They mounted a collection to fly his body home. The logistics fell to Ojukwu Emma a man of medium build with a heavylidded calmness to his face who often wears a dark leather coat that belts in the back. He is married to a Chinese woman drives a shiny black sedan and enjoys the kind of settled life that new arrivals envy. He is the president of the Nigerian Community China an organization based in Guangzhou. His role would be familiar to any immigrant communitythe prominenti in Little Italy the kiu ling in Chinatownand he works long hours. One evening he postponed a scheduled meeting with me until ten oclock so that he could escort the Nigerian Ambassador on a visit to their countrymen who were in jail awaiting deportation. He works a short drive from the Canaan market in a dimly lit office with the Nigerian and Chinese flags standing in the corner giving the room the air of a makeshift embassy. Once when I asked him about the businessman whose body he was arranging to fly home he paused and asked Which one? He was handling six other corpses at the same time. Emma is a shoe man by training. He first came to do business in China ten years ago and had achieved modest success by 2004 when he placed a large orderten shipping containers of shoesonly to discover upon delivery that his supplier had used cheap glue. En route from China to Nigeria the shoes had disintegrated. I couldnt even salvage one container he said. He started over by moving to China full time to oversee every detail of his trades. He was elected to head the Nigerian community which he estimates at five thousand to seven thousand people in Guangzhou. His first task was to defuse Chinas growing impatience with his people. Five years ago he said you would come in drink tea and then twenty minutes later they put the stamp in your passport. In the African community there is a thriving underground market in passports. Traders routinely accuse one another of turning people in to immigration authorities for money or favors. The fear and anonymity are atomizing. I bought a passport in Malaysia a lookalike and I came here with that a trader with bloodshot eyes who called himself Lucky Okeke told me. On Thai Air the flight was so low I thought we would have an accident. I was thinking Nobody would know what happened to me because it wasnt even my passport. As Emma sees it Guangzhou has become a victim of its own allure. In Lagos and Abuja local visa agents prey on Nigerians who are desperate to believe in what China might offer them. The agents all they want is money. They say Youll get to Guangzhou airport and they give you a bus number. And they tell you to go to the Igboezuothe Igbo districtand then a man pays a big amount of money. And then he gets here and he has nothing. Emma frequently visits hospitals to handle paperwork for Nigerians injured while fleeing immigration police. We have so many cases of people jumping off the balconies and they break their legs he said. Another two hundred Nigerians are in jail awaiting deportation he says. They are sending them home every week. Ten or fifteen or twenty. I asked him why he thought his community had ended up in crisis. Sometimes we look at ourselves and we say The Chinese are racist because we are black. And sure there are stupid people who might feel that way. But we are also doing things to make it worse he said. GUANGZHOUS FOREIGNERS CRIME RATE RISES was the headline not long ago in the Guangzhou Daily a staterun paper that often chronicles the arrests of Africans on drugtrafficking fraud and immigration charges. Emma believes that his people have created their own image problem and they need to fix it. That is why we are fighting to unite ourselves and stop breaking the law he said. And then maybe it will go back to the old days. One night in September he got a call telling him that a Nigerian trader had been hospitalized with head injuries after a runin with Chinese security guards. As the Nigerian press later described it the trader Ojide Ekene had been looking for a place to urinate at the entrance to a subway station when guards struck him with batons and he fell hitting his head. After thirteen days in the hospital Ekene died on October 8th. That day Nigerians protested outside the subway station and the hospital. News of the death and photographs of the body circulated online with a bitter string of comments about Chinas treatment of immigrants. Nigerian government please do something positive before it becomes uncontrollable someone wrote on a message board frequented by Nigerians. Emma urged calm and in the end it held. I thank God that we could control our people he told me. Emma is lobbying the Nigerian government to open a consulate in Guangzhou to manage relations and he wants to set up a system requiring Nigerians to have a specific business plan before getting to China. One day he hopes they will have African music concerts a magazine a Nigerian Day festival. We want what they have in other countries. They always have a Chinatown he said. In Nigeria they have seven Chinatowns. That is my dream. We want to have that in China. A couple of hours drive southeast from Canaan lies the city of Shenzhen. In March 2004 the Shenzhen Daily ran a short feature about a foreigner with an exotic nameMark Ndesandjowho had become a frequent volunteer at a local orphanage teaching music and donating equipment. The children here dont need food but there is no art or music to appreciate he told the paper which ran a photograph of a tall black man seated at a piano in a crowd of kids. After Barack Obama began his Presidential campaign Ndesandjo was back in the news. With Obamas face peering out from banners and tank tops in Canaans shopwindows and traders wearing Obama lapel pins reporters discovered that the man at the Shenzhen orphanage was Obamas younger half brotherborn in Nairobi to their shared father Barack Obama Sr. and his third wife an American named Ruth Ndesandjo. While Barack was growing up in Hawaii and Indonesia Mark was growing up in Kenya. When Obama first glimpsed his half brother during his 1988 visit to Kenya it was like looking into a foggy mirrora black man of my height and complexion with a bushy Afro and hornrimmed glasses he wrote in Dreams from My Father. Yet when the two men sat down to flip through a photo album of Ndesandjos life in Kenya Obama was unnerved: They were happy scenes all of them and all strangely familiar as if I were glimpsing some alternative universe that had played itself out behind my back. It was an uneasy meeting; Obama had returned to Africa in search of his roots but Ndesandjo was uninterested in making his life in what he called just another poor African country. When I contacted Ndesandjo in Shenzhen he was feeling bruised by the pressthe Times of London had written Barack Obamas halfbrother has been helping to promote cheap Chinese exports. He suggested that Sui Zhengjun his friend and business partner meet me instead. Sui was tall and stylish with a trace of brawn from the days he spent as a security guard before he went into business. He said that he met Ndesandjo through friends six years ago and was impressed by his interest in the orphanage and his attempts to study Chinese and read the classic Dream of the Red Chamber. Ndesandjo had come to Shenzhen on an exchange program in 2002 after attending Brown Stanford and business school at Emory and decided to stay Sui said. The next year the two friends opened a small consulting company called WorldNEXUS which helps Chinese companies market to foreign firms. They had invested in a chain of cafes called Cabin Barbecue he said. Ndesandjo had recently married his longtime Chinese girlfriend and showed no intention of leaving China. Before meeting Ndesandjo Sui had never had a black friend. He said I thought they were lowquality people with little education. You could say my impression was only soso. He went on Most Chinese think of black people this way because its a fact. Of course some black people are well educated. They are talented in sports and music but generally they are not as good in science and culture. One night after the market closed Joseph Nwaosu and I went to dinner at one of the small African places tucked among the market buildings. It had Chinese waitresses serving African standbysjollof rice fufu fish stew okraand almost every table was taken by African men or mixed couples. Nwaosu was quiet until he brought up an issue that had been on his mind recently regarding his future. Im four years out of seminary and I still dream of being a priest he said. The urge to be a priest should have died now he went on. Physically I resolved it but spiritually its a dilemma. For months he had been struggling with whether to try to go back to the seminary. To help make the decision he was waiting for a sign. He called it the event. And until it came he was in China pursuing his other lesser faiththe market. My first goal is to make money and wait for the event he said. The event will find me. I will not find the event. After dinner I dropped him off at his apartment in a quiet fishing village far from the bustle around Canaan. He lived in a single room the size of his office lit by a naked fluorescent bulb. The walls were bare except for a threeinch pink paper palm tree slung from a string around the light switch. A small squat electric space heater faced out from one corner. His treasured computer a smudged gray secondhand NEC desktop with a Sony monitor rested on a narrow table. I sat on his only chair. The room felt cramped yet empty and I could not help imagining how silent it would be after I left. But Nwaosu swaddled in his sweater and parka and sitting on his mattress seemed resolute. He had mastered the angles. Sometimes we get cheated sometimes we cheat others he said matteroffactly. Eight months after entering Canaan he was no longer a rookie. Guangzhous Canaan market and the rise of an African merchant class. 
